README.md, before:

# Awoo Installer
A No-Bullshit NSP, NSZ, XCI, and XCZ Installer for Nintendo Switch

![Awoo Installer Main Menu](https://i.imgur.com/q5Qff0R.jpg)

## Features
- Installs NSP/NSZ/XCI/XCZ files and split NSP/XCI files from your SD card
- Installs NSP/NSZ/XCI/XCZ files over LAN or USB from tools such as [NS-USBloader](https://github.com/developersu/ns-usbloader)
- Installs NSP/NSZ/XCI/XCZ files over the internet by URL or Google Drive
- Verifies NCAs by header signature before they're installed
- Installs and manages the latest signature patches quickly and easily
- Based on [Adubbz Tinfoil](https://github.com/Adubbz/Tinfoil)
- Uses [XorTroll's Plutonium](https://github.com/XorTroll/Plutonium) for a pretty graphical interface
- Just werks

## Why?
Because Goldleaf tends to not "Just werk" when installing NSP files. I wanted a *free software* solution that installs, looks pretty, and doesn't make me rip my hair out whenever I want to put software on my Nintendo Switch. Awoo Installer does exactly that. It installs software. That's about it!

If you want to do other things like manage installed tickets, titles, and user accounts, check out [Goldleaf](https://github.com/XorTroll/Goldleaf)!

## Thanks to
- HookedBehemoth for A LOT of contributions
- Adubbz and other contributors for [Tinfoil](https://github.com/Adubbz/Tinfoil)
- XorTroll for [Plutonium](https://github.com/XorTroll/Plutonium) and [Goldleaf](https://github.com/XorTroll/Goldleaf)
- blawar (wife strangulator) and nicoboss for [NSZ](https://github.com/nicoboss/nsz) support
- The kind folks at the AtlasNX Discuck (or at least some of them)
- The also kind folks at the RetroNX Discuck (of no direct involvement)
- [namako8982](https://www.pixiv.net/member.php?id=14235616) for the Momiji art
- TheXzoron for being a baka

Commit message:

removed link to repo that does not exist anymore

README.md, after:

# Awoo Installer
A No-Bullshit NSP, NSZ, XCI, and XCZ Installer for Nintendo Switch

![Awoo Installer Main Menu](https://i.imgur.com/q5Qff0R.jpg)

## Features
- Installs NSP/NSZ/XCI/XCZ files and split NSP/XCI files from your SD card
- Installs NSP/NSZ/XCI/XCZ files over LAN or USB from tools such as [NS-USBloader](https://github.com/developersu/ns-usbloader)
- Installs NSP/NSZ/XCI/XCZ files over the internet by URL or Google Drive
- Verifies NCAs by header signature before they're installed
- Installs and manages the latest signature patches quickly and easily
- Based on [Adubbz](https://github.com/Adubbz/) Tinfoil (the repo does not exist anymore)
- Uses [XorTroll's Plutonium](https://github.com/XorTroll/Plutonium) for a pretty graphical interface
- Just werks

## Why?
Because Goldleaf tends to not "Just werk" when installing NSP files. I wanted a *free software* solution that installs, looks pretty, and doesn't make me rip my hair out whenever I want to put software on my Nintendo Switch. Awoo Installer does exactly that. It installs software. That's about it!

If you want to do other things like manage installed tickets, titles, and user accounts, check out [Goldleaf](https://github.com/XorTroll/Goldleaf)!

## Thanks to
- HookedBehemoth for A LOT of contributions
- Adubbz and other contributors for Tinfoil (the repo does not exist anymore)
- XorTroll for [Plutonium](https://github.com/XorTroll/Plutonium) and [Goldleaf](https://github.com/XorTroll/Goldleaf)
- blawar (wife strangulator) and nicoboss for [NSZ](https://github.com/nicoboss/nsz) support
- The kind folks at the AtlasNX Discuck (or at least some of them)
- The also kind folks at the RetroNX Discuck (of no direct involvement)
- [namako8982](https://www.pixiv.net/member.php?id=14235616) for the Momiji art
- TheXzoron for being a baka
